And we start with, we're in
the Fallen at the top and
our goal is to attract traffic.
We do this through
Facebook Ads.
We have advertisements like
this.
What can we prove?
Well, because in Facebook
Ads we can test the images,
we can test the texts, etc.
And we will do so if we have an
ad like this, what we will do is,
imagine, we will think, because
we put a totally different
photo, that it be with real
people and we try it.
Then we make two identical ads,
in which in one we put the photo
we have seen, which is like a
creativity and in the other the
photo of a real person.
And we measure, deriv traffic and
measure for a few days.
What will we measure in this case?
You can calculate the cost per click.
By the way, Facebook and the rest of
the platforms make it easy to make
B-head, it's very easy on
platforms of this type.
Then we measure it and it turns
out that the image we had put, which
is that of a creativity,
because it works better, the
cost is lower than when we
put real images of real people.
Well, well, well, because we have
already drawn a conclusion.
And now we say, well, we'll use
that image or that type of images
and we'll try out with different
types of text.
We will try with longer
or shorter texts, etc.
And we do another experiment, we deriv
traffic for a few days and
we measure the cost per click.
And it turns out that we have
come to the conclusion that ads with
a little more text, more
explanatory, imagine your value
proposal, case B, because
they have a lower cost per click.
Well, that's what you've learned.
Or we'll think, for example, that
we're making ads in SEM, using
Google Adwords and we're the
top one.
We have a text in which we say
zero commissions, zero concerns.
We are now at a click-
through ratio of 0.1%.
That is, 0.1% of people who
see us click on the ad.
But one day we say, because it is
that equal is better, equal is
not well understood this of 0, equal
is better to put 5 commissions or concerns.
Well, but we don't know if it will
work better or worse.
What we do is, we do a test to B and
it turns out that increases, the
click-through ratio increases to 0.15%.
So what we do is change
the ad.
Or let's think we're doing
email marketing.
We are sending emails to a database,
for example, of 100,000 people.
So how can we optimize
the strategy?
In a post, we will think
about what we can do.
For example, we can touch the
subject, which is the owner of
the email and the time of the
day we send it.
We're going to do two different scenarios
where we try different things.
For example, save 80%, in one
of the cases if we send it at
8 a.m. or in the scenario
B because we try super-
offering and send it at
9 a.m.
In this case, what will we measure?
We can measure the percentage of people
who receive the email and open
it, which is the open rate.
Well, because it turns out that in
the scenario A is 5%, it is better.
Well, so is great.
From here on, every time we
send emails, we will do so
using those parameters.
By the way, in this case also
the tools we use to make emailings,
MailChimp is the most known,
all incorporate this type
of functionality.
All of them allow you to do easy test to
bake.
Well, we've already validated what
is the best time of the day or which
is the subject that works best, etc.
And now what we want is to test
different types of content
within the email and we can, from
the texts to the images we put,
to for example the call to action
buttons inside the email,
because there is always a
button inside.
So we try two.
We try one where we put the button
on one side and another on the other,
and bigger and smaller.
And well, and in this case what we
have to measure of all the people who
have opened the email, what percentage
click on the button.
In case A, the rate is 8% and in case B, 6%.
In addition to using A-B testing, when
we are in the strategies of customer
capture, traffic attraction,
forgiveness, A-B testing is used
daily to optimize everything on
the web page or on the landing page,
because in addition it is that,
as you already know, we can
touch thousands of things
within the web page.
I will give you some examples.
Well, in this case what they did
is compare two different headlines,
two headlines, and in the second
case what they did is put more
explicitly that it was a 30-day
test, which seems in principle
as more cutre a headline like
that, but well, it turns
out that conversions increased
a lot.
Or in this case what they did is,
they also checked out
that they increased sales by 89%,
simply explaining a little more
the proposal, putting the
word supplement.
Find out what details and what impact they have.
Or this is the case of Electronic
Arts and the game is SimCity in this
case, they didn't know if to incorporate
a huge banner, as you are seeing
in the block on the left, in which
they make an offer with a 20%.
And it turns out that when they took
it off, did an A-B test and
took it off, purchases
increased by 43%.
It is also very common to play
with forms or call to actions,
because in this case we
compare between putting a button
on which you click the button
and if you open a form later
or put the form directly on
the web page.
You can also play with
the form fields.
As I always say, it's very
difficult to know intuitively
which one will work best,
so you have to use A-B testing.
Or you can play with the pop-
ups and the tools that allow you
to integrate a pop-up on your website
allow you to make A-B testing
very easy.
How do you explain it?
What text do you put in the pop-up?
One or the other.
Or the color of the call to action, which
is the typical case.
If we put the color in orange,
we convert it 35% more than
if we put it in green.
Well, I'm inventing the data,
but there are many cases of this
style.
Another issue that we have is
very important.
We must try to optimize the
prices we put, not just the
prices but how we explain them.
And in this case it is a comparative
between a system that is modular
from prices to putting the typical
price plans.
Well, it turned out that conversions
increased a lot from the
most traditional way now,
which is with three plans, because
it is easier to choose.
And here what we should measure is
not only conversion, but the average
ticket as well.
We could do A-B testing
by putting different prices
or using pricing strategies.